[Music]
very good my dear lovers of the
heart attention because what I'm going to
tell you in this video is not
nonsense this is already getting very
serious and Paolo Vasile would be super super
super worried because we are talking we
would be talking about the second
star format of his house is
going to ruin and we are talking about none other
than Big Brother in
fact it is no longer there the audiences have not
done the same thing since
Mercedes Mila left and the final blow
to kill it was Carlos is
standing after Carlos is
standing that they left all the
advertisers have been doing eight hundred
maneuvers to revive what it was and they have
never succeeded and I am
very sorry to say it because I have always loved
Big Brother I mean I was crazy about
Big Brother but Big Brother stopped
being what it was without Mercedes Mila Jorge
Javier the product turned it into a
Sálvame in a Sálvame very I am
not going to put qualifiers but I did not
like it I did not like it it was not Big
Brother those who are true fans of Big
Brother  you will understand I didn't
have the magic well it turns out that it
just exploded and I am telling you this
here as a rigorous scoop okay
few media are talking about this
yet it is a format that until now has been
broadcast for many years
on Telemundo with great success and well
if you are wondering is it exactly a Big
Brother I don't know if it is everything it is
completely possible they will still have to
change something because Big
Brother exists on Telecinco
the format is the same or rather it is the
same I have been watching and searching a
bit for images videos and so on and it is very
similar to the Big Brother house
that we are used to seeing even
on set it is similar the method of play is
exactly the same I mean I have no
idea how they will carry this out if they already have to
change some things to avoid
competition problems from the dead
or something like that
this is a player that has been sounding
increasingly stronger for a few
months now and it seems to be confirmed okay
the official sources will be missing to
finish confirming it but I already have
where I have it and I am almost sure okay I
am almost almost 100% I still can't
give a hundred percent but it is almost certain  There have
been many months of negotiations
and Antena 3 would now take advantage of the good
streak that Telecinco is giving it
because they are declining and now they are really
going to shoot the network. I
was telling you a few months ago
Antena 3 was recovering and was
taking the lead but not because of that but
because you are bringing it down on TV. It
was not making any kind of
supernatural effort to recover. They were
increasing their audience because the votes
were falling that is why they were
becoming leaders. But now we have
a very cool program because it is super
good. It is normal that it is sweeping away and
doubling the audiences of Sálvame which
is the challenge of getting rid of them well. The
program is super good
and now to take over the reins of
the reality shows they would take a real
Big Brother. Let's see how they handle it
because against the three when they have had two
reality shows in previous decades it has been a
failure, they have already tried and we will
see if they are capable of taking it and
doing it properly and creating
expectation, above all, I do not think that
what would be missing after this, if
this comes to fruition because I insist still  I don't
have it one hundred percent but well if
I'm telling it it's for a reason but if
this comes together the
next step before the / would be that they would
have some other
gossip show again, not so much like Sálvame,
okay, it's not like that if you don't know, gossipy yes
but the ways they had in the
TV factory and that they handled themselves
between the 5 it's not worth it with other good practices
and so on and there they would become absolute
leaders, absolute leaders
for many years family what do you think that will be
reading the
comment box surely the
Big Brother fans will see this as an
opportunity and hopefully
and hopefully they will be able to resurrect a
format that we miss a lot but
well Paolo Vasile 200 friends you will be
pulling your balls out and
sorry for the expression but I don't blame you
a hug people see you in the
next video
[Music]